ok we got the air drone here in the pool
room if we're gonna test it out here
we're gonna show Tom here and his young
son Sammy and his friend Baker yeah
Xavier ok here it is in the pool room
this shows the camera of what you're
actually seeing the mark is kind of
turning it around here that's pretty
neat
how high can you go without hitting the
fans mark
is it to rescue to do that in the
poolroom here
so it's an autopilot mode right now I'm
assuming
that's a front-facing camera and then
you've got a downward facing camera as
well
there it goes that's what it looks like
I see okay beautiful
just don't land it on the lights or
those cross beams because then we gotta
go up there to get it they just fly yeah
flying on its own right now it is so
stable that is incredible
our
so you have an emergency button in fact
just land it then where is that this oh
yeah yeah I just have never used it
do we dare use it not over the hole now
you know you got a use for your balcony
okay yeah we could land it up on the
balcony mark get really good at it
don't push it it might confuse it oh
yeah it is like a helicopter
really kind of freaky it is it's so
stable
so mark you had a problem last time
using the iPad to control it but now
you've got it
there don't go on here and change all
the settings like I accelerometers
uh-huh do something stuff so now that
you've got the settings done it's
working just fine yeah great
where's the bottom you all in the corner
if you put your hand underneath it
well because of things that's the ground
to whatever yeah yeah what is it oh I
see
good thing it wasn't really high yeah is
there a service now
let's fry okay we can get somewhere
tation